Update Ubuntu version, fix OCaml compiler version (#57)
kth-step/HOL4P4: INSTALL.md

4. Install OPAM

		sudo apt-get install opam

> 		opam init --compiler=4.13.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		opam init --compiler=4.14.4
```

> 	Version 4.13.1 of the OCaml compiler is used to enable compilation of petr4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Version 4.14.4 of the OCaml compiler is used to enable compilation of petr4.
```
Are you really sure this is fixed to 4.13.1, which is old and buggy? 4.14 was very backwards compatible and is still maintained.

Author: I can confirm the issue is going from 4.13 to 4.14 (specifically, 4.13.1 to 4.14.4). petr4 defines a `StringMap` in [`lib/util.ml`](https://github.com/verified-network-toolchain/petr4/blob/6627cf7818ba9a445aadb62311e087ddc3743be3/lib/util.ml#L17), for some reason this gets shadowed by the StringMap from the standard library in [`lib/context.ml`](https://github.com/verified-network-toolchain/petr4/blob/0.1.3/lib/context.ml). The exact error is this:

```
File "lib/context.ml", line 36, characters 15-28:
36 | context := StringMap.set m ~key:(id.string) ~data:b :: l
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Error: Unbound value StringMap.set
make: *** [Makefile:28: build] Error 1
```

I guess there may be other errors that appear if this is fixed. But seems like a simple fix to me so far.

Reviewer: I think this should be fixable by just using the qualified `util.StringMap.set`, instead of the naked `StringMap.set`, etc.? Can you try it?

Author: Hmm, didn't work with any qualification. But I edited the .opam file to restrict `core` to "strictly below `v0.16.0`", then compilation worked. I will merge this for now, we can discuss long-term fixes later.
